Developers - Timothy Tamm, Sofia Shaprio, and Timothy Makalinao
Class - Computer Science 50 
Professor - Dr. David Malan
Teaching Fellows - Wes Chen, Robbie Gibson, and Chris Lim

Title - Gym App *Temporary
Type - Mobile Application
Enabled Devices - All iOS and Android Devices

Run Our App - To run our app you will need ONE of the following an iOS enabled device, Android enabled device, or the Titanium App Compiler.

What is our App?
Our app is a mobile gym application that allows the user to keep track of your workouts and progress at the gym.

App Documentation
Main Menu Options
	New Workout
	Past Workouts
	Statistics
	Graph
	Continue Workout*
	End Workout*
	*Buttons only available when New Workout has been previously initialized.

Lets Explore the Main Menu Options

New Workout
Clicking new workout brings the user to a new window with the Muscle Groups in your body. This window also includes three buttons in the bottom of the
window called Favorites, Most Used, and End Workout.
- Muscle Group Buttons
- Favorites
- Most Used
- End Workout
	
	Muscle Group Buttons: Clicking on a Muscle Group brings the user to the a new window that contains all the exercises associated with that muscle. 
	
		Exercise Buttons: Clicking on an Excercise in the window brings the user to a window which allows the user to input their data for that exercise.
		Depending on what exercise you click, the data may include:
		- Sets: Manually input the amount of sets the user did in the exercise.
		- Reps: Manually input the amount of reps the user did in that execrise.
		- Weight: Manaully input the amount of weight the user did in that exercise.
		- Time: Manually input the amount of time the user spent on that exercise.
		Gym App** requires the user to input values for all available fields, once all values are inputed Gym App** saves your data and redirects you back
		to the Muscle Group Window where you can continue your workout.
		
		- Favorite Exercise: The user is given a chance to check the exercise as a favorite exercise which will be saved for the user.
	
	Favorites: Clicking on Favorites opens up a window that contains all the user's favorite exercises which were saved from previous workouts where 
	the user indicated that an exercise they previously did was a Favorite Exercise. This window allows the user to directly access his or her favorite
	exercise.
	
	Most Used: Clicking on Most Used opens up a window that contains all the user's most used exercises. This data is gathered from all the previous workouts
	of the user, and are the exercises that the user uses the most. This window allows the user to directly access his or her Most Used
	exercise.
	
	End Workout: Clicking End Workout ends the user's current workout, and saves it on Past Workouts. After ending the workout the user is automatically 
	brought to the Main Menu.
		
		
